LOAD-3452: Document a method to download logs/artifacts (#49)
loadero/loadero-python: README.md

`ResultParams` that contains its attributes. The result resource has the largest
amount of attributes, so this showcase will cover only common use cases.

##### Log/Artifact Retrieval

```py

name = result.params.log_paths.selenium.download()

print(
    "selenium log of participant "
    f"{result.params.participant_details.run_participant_id}: {name}"
)
```

> `result.params.log_paths.selenium` is an URL object that points to an Selenium 
> log. It first needs to be downloaded by calling an `.download()` method on the 
> URL. The method returns the file name and the file it self will be created in 
> the current working directory.
> 
> Log paths are available through the `log_paths` attribute of the `ResultParams`,
> which is a dictionary of URL objects. Artifacts are available through the
> `artifacts` attribute of the `ResultParams` in the same manner.

Reviewer: I feel that mentioning log paths should come BEFORE talking about the things literally under log paths. Additionally, I believe this paragraph should be more general, instead of zeroing in on the Selenium log of the example specifically. If this is rejected, let me know so that I can at least make grammar fix suggestions for the current text. If this is applied, make sure to add the necessary line breaks as well.

```suggestion
Log paths are available through the `log_paths` attribute of the `ResultParams` object, which is a dictionary of URL objects, pointing to the different log types.

`result.read().params.log_paths.{LOG_TYPE}` is a URL object that points to the corresponding log. Supported log types are `selenium`, `webrtc`, `browser`, and `rru`. The log itself must be downloaded by calling the `download()` method on the URL. The method returns the file name and the file itself will be created in the current working directory.

Artifacts can be accessed in a similar manner through the `artifacts` attribute of the `ResultParams` object, however, artifacts are not treated as being unique per type like logs are. You can use `result.read().params.artifacts.{ARTIFACT_TYPE}.paths[{INDEX_OF_ARTIFACT}].download()` to download an artifact into your working directory. An example of downloading all screenshots of one result:
```

I had no idea how to incorporate a codeblock in the middle of a suggestion but here's the code that you can insert manually.

```python
screenshots = result.read().params.artifacts.screenshots.paths
    for screenshot in screenshots:
        name = screenshot.download()
        print(
            "screenshot of participant "
            f"{result.params.participant_details.run_participant_id}: {name}"
```
